Add "performance_test" to the benchmarks (#2847)
pytroll/satpy: doc/source/performance_test.rst

------------------------------------------------------
Usually the composite should be the one involving a lot of computation like atmospheric correction. For most of the
earth observing satellites, this could be ``true_color`` or something like that.

Although one scene is enough to run the test, 3-5 scenes would be better to get the average.

- For geostationary satellites, it is recommended to get those around **solar noon** under **full-disk** scan mode.
- For polar orbit satellites, scenes should be around the **same area** so the intensities of the computation are similar.

3. Organize the datasets
------------------------
One scene per folder. All the dataset folders should have the same naming patterns, e.g.:

.. code-block:: batch

    2024/06/29  09:06   <DIR>   G16_s20241691700214_e20241691709522_FLDK
    2024/06/29  09:06   <DIR>   G16_s20241701700215_e20241701709523_FLDK
    2024/06/29  09:06   <DIR>   G16_s20241711700217_e20241711709525_FLDK
    2024/06/29  09:06   <DIR>   G16_s20241721700219_e20241721709527_FLDK
    2024/06/29  09:06   <DIR>   G16_s20241731700220_e20241731709528_FLDK

4. Do I have enough swap memory?
--------------------------------

> Some conditions or resamplers may consume a hell of physical memory and then swap. When both are at their limits,

Reviewer: We generally try to avoid language like this.

```suggestion
Some conditions or resamplers may consume a lot of physical memory and even use swap. When both are at their limits,
```
